Update modify-program.md (#1575)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/get-started/azure/modify-program.md

The static website resource leverages the storage account and resource group names defined previously in your program.

> Now use all of these cloud resources, and a local `FileAsset` resource, to upload `index.html` into your storage container. Add the following at the end of the file (right after enabling the static website support)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now use all of these cloud resources and a local `FileAsset` resource to upload `index.html` into your storage container by adding the following at the end of the file (after enabling the static website support):
```

Author: Updated it. Thanks!
